So the user journey for a customer, someone that's looking to book a studio would be they come onto the website. They're presented with some really great imagery of different studios and they can basically use our website to browse different studios in different areas You know and it's like photo heavy Good amount of data on there as well They can then click on studios to add those studios to a kind of quote basket so to speak And then when they click on the quote basket after they've selected a few studios they can click to Enquire all and that'll take them to a short form Really short where they can just put in The dates they're looking for the purpose that might be To mix write or record They could also put in the genre write or record. It could also put in the genre and a budget which could be just in like dollar signs like one, two or three dollars for instance and some bespoke text in case they wanted to add something so that it literally keeps it super simple and really quick to fill. Once they click, inquire, they're basically then taken through to like a kind of, I guess we call it like a networking portal or something, where they'll basically see quotes pending from all of the studios that they've added to their quote basket. And when those quotes come through, as I said, they could be automated by the studios or they could be manually responded to via us for the time being or by the studios himself. But when those quotes are responded to, like, they can click in and they can see like a kind of conversation thread with that studio. So it's basically like, kind of, becomes kind of then like a one-stop shop where they can communicate with all these different studios in one place and get quotes very quickly. And kind of studios are up to them to arrange everything. And then they can basically then the studio can then email the customer or send an invoice however they like to do it and the customer can take care of payment and do the session. We're not responsible for any of that. I guess at some point in future if we found that people wanted the functionality to pay using our platform we could build a stripe into it. But I think that's something that we'd have to test whether people actually want that and kind of assess the risks or, you know, evolve to that and see what's actually worth it. But yeah, that's the kind of user journey I think we'll be good to test. I mean, there's an alternative route as well, but whereby people could just press like a concierge button and fill this stuff in without selecting any studios and that would maybe include a kind of location category as well where they could put in the city they're in or the locale. And then it takes them through to like kind of like fast forwards the process takes them through to fast forwards the process, takes them straight to the networking quote portal what's so to speak. Our systems are pre-generated so to speak, studios that it thinks could be suitable for that data they've put in PUTTED, and then again they wait for the quotes to be returned. So that's the user journey. I'll do a set for one of these to explain the kind of the journey for the studios themselves.