Okay, for the studios themselves, I guess first off, before we talk about them being on the platform itself, I guess we consider how they might be introduced to the platform. That could be via a phone call from us. It could be via an email from our company saying that we have a client interested in booking their studio. Obviously, studio is always going to respond typically to any inquiry where there's business, right? But obviously, it's another gate, kind of spam filters, et cetera. But I'd imagine in the initial reaches, we'd probably be contacting them via the phone and taking out a chat way. But essentially, once studios, there'll be different ways, I'm sure, some more successful numbers whereby we're able to get studios onboarded. That's something we need to work out. But once they're actually on the platform, we'd probably encourage them, just like with the users themselves, to sign up as soon as possible. Actually, on that topic, on the user experience, the user journey for the customers, I didn't put in there, but we'd probably want them that form that they fill in. They use their name on password as well, so they kind of, we get a login for them, and they become a real user as soon as possible. But essentially we'd want the studio owners to do that as well. So when they come onto our platform, we can basically allow them to select the studio that they are their own of. They can then fill in a kind of registration form, which would be really simple to create username and password. But also they would probably have to send in some documentation to prove that they own that studio. So yeah, we would need to work out what that is probably something to do with the utility bill or company registration docs that show their name or some kind of ID, director ID. Probably quite useful, like the idea of at least one of the directors of the company. So we can corroborate that and make sure that it's a legitimate claim to one of the businesses on our platform. So once they've passed that, which again, we try to make as simple and straightforward as possible. They can then go on a portal. They can update information that we have listed about their studio. They can add more high resolution images, et cetera. But again, like the main area that we'd want to be pushing them towards is kind of this kind of networking client pool kind of area whereby they'll be able to see clients that have shortlisted their studio and they'll be able to respond to those inquiries either with kind of quotes or just getting in touch, just introducing themselves. As we kind of work through the website and develop it more, we can make that material more rich, filter out like kind of filter inquiries, so it's kind of more... They become harder leads leads so to speak but I imagine in the initial stages they'll be quite like soft leads I don't know if it's our terminology. So then yeah they can then communicate with the customer and quote them so they can do two things on a website they can interface with the customer, speak to customer, but they can also update their information that we hold about their studio. And I guess once we've proved that concept kind of works and that we've got a little network of people kind of communicating, we can start to build some more of the social elements of the platform, like artist profiles, client profiles, not just the studio profiles, so to speak, so the ANRs on there can have their own profiles. Maybe that could be something, you know, but I think that's kind of a second, third order of this, like in terms of the networking aspect of it, we just want to prove first after that order of this, like in terms of the networking aspect of it, we just want to prove first off that this website is a valuable tool for ANRs to be able to really quickly and efficiently find great studios and get great deals. And then it's a great tool for studios as well to be able to like, to be able to actually get connected to the people that are looking to build book studios. So yeah, I think that explains the studio or owner journey as well. Hopefully enough to kind of clarify where my head has been at with it. Any questions to show? Cheers.